test: Support multiple runs for Pipeline run tests (#7762)
deepset-ai/haystack: test/core/pipeline/features/README.md

    )
```

> Some kind of `Pipeline`s requires multiple runs to correctly verify their correct working, e.g those with multiple branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some kinds of `Pipeline`s require multiple runs to verify they work correctly, for example those with multiple branches.
```

> Because of this we also support functions that return lists of inputs, expected outputs and expected run orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason we also support functions returning a "list of inputs", a "list of expected outputs" and a "list of expected run orders" (all the lists have the same size).
```

> If we would have needed to run the above `Pipeline` multiple times we could do something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, we could test two different runs of the same pipeline like this:
```
